good morning everybody and welcome to
day number one of my peeve of Joe let's
check on my name's come on 10 more
minutes away
day number five here we go good morning
everybody and welcome to Peugeot leaving
a wall protecting little the kind of
stuffy walls but it stopped come on keep
going
there we go 15 of P which I'm oh I've
gone into a quick and I'll frantic fast
study that give some midday on next
exercise 50 sit-ups come right down upon
the ground all up into a sitting
position 50 reps in one set let's go
comment one two three
you get your idea keep going I said keep
going
jab cross hook uppercut not much man a
minute to that good oh that's a
fantastic coffee
Allen I can i order a pizza please yeah
double XL stuff crush garlic bread yes
take a cut lemon bogles you know our
little sausage in it yeah lovely any
minute this is going to take about 29
minutes so you just finish the workout
and I'll I'll see you tomorrow I suppose
yeah maybe so listen all the lot yeah
listen get that dough roll it up what
I've been on the table bash Bosh
jump on your boy pedal over as far as
you can and I tell you what you're gonna
feel fantastic
you have know that Peter Tippi I tell ya
yeah lovely you're a winner back bar
this was created as part of the beam 19
and we hope you like the videos and we
also hope that you click the link below
and make a donation because right now
our charities up and down the UK and
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need so hopefully if your
hand in your pocket and give what you
can
thank you